## Outline
1. [Overview](Overview)
2. [Session Details](#session-details)
	1. [Day 7](#Day-7)
		1. [Traveling](#Traveling-Details)
		2. [Limerest](#Limerest-Details)
	2. [Day 8](#Day-8)
	3. [Day 9](#Day-9)
	4. [Day 10](#Day-10)
	5. [Day 11](#Day-11)
	6. [Day 12](#Day-12)
	7. [Day 13](#Day-13)
	8. [Day 14](#Day-14)
	9. [Day 15](#Day-15)
	10. [Day 16](#Day-16)
	11. [Day 17](#Day-17)
3. [Items & XP](#items--xp)
	1. [Items Received](#items-received)
	2. [Experience Received](#experience-received)
4. [Conclusions](#conclusion-items)
	1. [Active Questions](#active-question-notes-self)
	2. [Action Items](#action-items-(previous))
______________________________
## Overview
**Previous Session Recap:**
- Refer to 16-JUN-24 Notes
Had the giant scorpion battle in the previous session. Little child that was protected during that battle Hallamir might adopt. Town was protected. Some causalities. Little halfing girl. Has family / extended family.

Session Important Notes:
- Halvings saved / dealt with
- Setting up trading post in Keep for Limerest Halvings
- The school at the Keep is built now
	- Is next to the brothel though...
- Goats are pregnant (7)
- Gobrien made it to the Keep and his family
- Streygore made it to the Keep and Gregory the undead

**Session Actions Taken:**
- Trading post from Limerest setup in Keep
- Limerest connections made
- Made it to the Keep finally
- Xorn fossil is in the tavern now at the Keep
- Asked Gobrian to be apart of the counsel

_____________________________________
## Session Details
### Day 7
- Anathmos was an orphan and doesn't like children or halfings since they are children like size.
- Using mending for fixing the wheels of the traveling cart for the halfings. 
- Taurus failed check / got a hernia -> Helra Lesser Restoration 
- Heal slap Alabaster for 15 HP -> 60 -> 45 HP
- Burying the bodies -> elf gods they worship actually
	- God of travel Fharlangan
	- Halfing god of Stealth 
#### Traveling Details
- Helping them make it to the town / driving the cart (Helra)
	- Find some common cornflowers on the ride into town
	- 10minutes done
	- Stop for first lunch -> give for some rations
	- Helra speeds up
	- Coffee time after 45 minutes -> speedly one
	- Make it to limerest
	- Alabaster stays in the airship
#### Limerest Details
- Taurus and Helra look around town.
- Quarry town
- Stone Chisel 
- Find a shop with stone fish
	- Xorn is an actual stone creature 
	- Cross-section of it 
	- Hangle the price to 250 from 500 gold
	- Helra down to 1650 gold
- Tavern down time
	- Dwarves are partying it up
	- Taurus offers the whole if you are in the area / our fort 
	- Setting up a trading post 
	- Merbul Quicklime -> Halfing from Limerest that might start up the trading post
### Day 8
- Heal slaps -> Hallamir for 43 damage 
- Lesser Restoration -> Hallamir for 1 pt in Constitution damage 
### Day 9
- Hallamir is looking out / Eastside castle is where it should be 
- Flags are down for the castle / they haven't returned yet
- Helra Lesser Restoration -> Alabaster by 4 (constitution damage)
- Allabaster learns some spells:
	- 'Snuff the light'
### Day 10
- Hallamir spot check -> Stagfort (haven't been there before)
	- Small town that is on the outskirts of a hunting town
	- On a stag hunt
- Alabaster continues to read
### Day 11
- Hallamir spot check -> foggy day / nothing to see
- Alabaster continues to read 
### Day 12
- Hallamir spot check ->see Redmap in the distance 
	- More of a farmer town 
	- Some distress seen of horse breaking out 
- Alabaster reading -> 57% the way in finishing book mithra II
### Day 13
- Hallamir spot check -> Farming area
	- Pouchers in view / rabbits 
- Alabaster reading -> continues / not complete
### Day 14
- Hallamir spot check -> foggy day 
	- Peasants at work / warms heart
- Alabaster reading -> 53% completed
### Day 15
- Hallamir spot check -> still foggy 
	- Nothing to see / can't see shit
- Alabaster reading 55% the way through
### Day 16
- Hallamir spots -> Can see the keep in the distance
- Goats are pregnant!!!!!!!!!
	- 7 are pregnant 
	- Stonefeet (Galus Berrytoe) is the shepard
- SCHOOL is built!
	- Is next to the brothel...
- Gobrian looking to setup a blacksmith location
	- Might be apart of the counsel for the Keep as well (Alabaster request)
- Looks like tensions are lower for war BUT might be due to winter/spring / launching a bigger attack for summer
- Goats ran off for salt licks but there are close to pitish territory 
- Send out a team of dwarves for a mine but its in that area 
- Not sure what will come out of the mine until its setup

___________________________________________
## Items & XP
### Items Received
- Merbul Quicklime for traveling companion to setup trading post at fort.
- Xorn cross-section fossil 
### Experience Received
- Total: 80,967
_________________________________
## Conclusion Items
### Active Question Notes (Self)

### Action Items
- Alabaster wishes to visit the magic shop at some point in time that we almost got caught stealing from in the past / got locked up that was nearby.
- Alabaster wants to grab the winter cloths he left in the cart that is on the ship doing shipments.
- Alabaster tells his imp that he should keep an eye out on what person would be good to kill for a ritual spell that he his thinking about doing. 
#### Map Marks
- **Marked Stagfort on the map**
- **Marked the ship anchor on the map for investigating** 
- Marked Redleaf on the map