## Outline
1. [Overview](Overview)
   1. [Session Important Notes](#session-important-notes)
   2. [Session Actions Taken](#session-actions-taken)
2. [Session Details](#session-details)
   1. [Day 1- Horsegrave](#day-1--horsegrave)
   2. [Day 2- Brewery](#day-2--brewery)
3. [Items & XP](#items--xp)
   1. [Items Received](#items-received)
   2. [Experience Received](#experience-received)
4. [Conclusions](#conclusion-items)
   1. [Active Questions](#active-question-notes-self)
   2. [Action Items](#action-items-(previous))
   3. [Map Marks](#map-marks)
5. [Previous Items](#previous-items)
   1. [Previous Action Items](#previous-action-items)
   2. [Previous Map Marks](#previous-map-marks)
______________________________
## Overview
**Previous Session Recap:**
- Refer to [01-SEP-24](01-SEP-24.md) Notes<br>

### **Session Important Notes:**
- Most of companions are drunk / need to be wraggled

### **Session Actions Taken:**
- Visited a brewery for a tasting 


_____________________________________
## Session Details
### Day 1- Horsegrave
- Town of thieves and criminals
- Having the men on the ship take shifts / not leaving the ship unattended
- Checking out the taverns for any news 
- Nothing of note that out of the ordinary 
- Red Duck (Tavern)
  - More of the out of towners tavern of choice
  - New distillary being pushed
  - Crooken Hill Whiskey
  - Pretty decent whiskey for it being new
  - Sent a runner for tasting more it at the place (Taurus)
  - Dragon has been spotted in the south. By the iron mountains.
  - Not sure on size or color
- Found a bookstore
  - Whale Tales
  - Got kicked out of the establishment / Alabaster and Taurus 
- Bailed out (3) of our soliders from prison 
  - 25 gold each 
  - Helra pays the fee
  - Was due to them getting in a fight on Entwhistle vs Clambank for what is good. 
  - They were the last ones standing.
  - Gave them a pat on the back

_____________________________________

### Day 2- Brewery
- Runner shows up from the Brewery for an exclusive tasting later that day.
- Get to the tavern -> Fridrick Springmouse (Halfling)
- Start up / has some ones he has been doing at home.
  - Try one that isn't aged
    - Helra, Taurus, and Hallamir failed
  - Try the normal one that was at the tavern before
    - Helra passes
  - Try one that is 5 aged
    - Taurus and Hallamir pass
  - Try one that is a 10-year aged
    - Helra passes
  - Trys the last one
    - Helra passes, everyone else fucked up. (Including Pignut) 
- After the tasting, people drunk are on their adventure 
  - Hallamir will be turning into a rat to assist Pignut
  - Pignut is out of the bag looking for more alcohol
  - Lethe and Harrim are chased after

______________________________________

## Items & XP
### Items Received
- Most companions are drunk


### Experience Received
- Total: 80,967

_________________________________
## Conclusion Items
### Active Question Notes (Self)
- None

### Action Items
- Chasing after companions that are drunk

## Map Marks
- Brewery 
 

---------------------------------
## Previous Items
### Previous Action Items
- Alabaster wishes to visit the magic shop at some point in time that we almost got caught stealing from in the past / got locked up that was nearby.
- Alabaster wants to grab the winter cloths he left in the cart that is on the ship doing shipments.
- Alabaster tells his imp that he should keep an eye out on what person would be good to kill for a ritual spell that he his thinking about doing. 
#### Previous Map Marks
- **Marked Stagfort** on the map
- **Marked the ship anchor** on the map for investigating
- **Marked Redleaf** on the map
- **Marked which trail was used more** from the abandon Pitish village
  - North West direction