## Outline
1. [Overview](Overview)
4. [Session Details](#session-details)
	1. [Day 1](#Day-1)
	2. [Day 2](#Day-2)
	3. [Day 3](#Day-3)

5. [Items & XP](#items--xp)
	1. [Items Received](#items-received)
	2. [Experience Received](#experience-received)
6. [Conclusions](#conclusion-items)
	1. [Active Questions](#active-question-notes-self)
	2. [Action Items](#action-items)
______________________________
## Overview
**Previous Session Recap:**
- Refer to 12-MAY-24 Notes
- Gobrien and his family on the airship. Traveling to Keep with companions. Hallamir will have his period soon during the travels.
- The cart is on the ship that is making travels for shipments.
- Staff of Storms
	- 2 mile radius for spells
	- Can make it cold

**Session Actions Taken:**
- New spells learned. 
- Anchor site found.
_____________________________________
## Session Details
### Day 1
- Giant Anchor found nearby the church in the black. Links of the chain are found and bunched up in a forest area for where it was broken off it seems. 
- Made out of bronze it appears.
- Was from the giant and dragon period of time. 
- Marking it on the map for later if we visit again for investigating. 
- Taking a piece of the chain with us for a sovereign. 
- Alabaster does his spells.
- Hallamir was the one that finds the anchor in his spyglass.
### Day 2
- Nothing really eventful.
- Alabaster doing Alabaster things. 
- Hallamir will be on the lookout / some storms potentially on the way
### Day 3
- Nothing to eventful
- Alabaster learns steal and practices with Hallamir with using it.

___________________________________________
## Items & XP
### Items Received
- Giant old ship chain that is made out of bronze.
- Alabaster knows the spell cheat now and practices with Hallamir with using it with the others. 
### Experience Received
- Total: 80,967
_________________________________
## Conclusion Items
### Active Question Notes (Self)

### Action Items
- Alabaster wishes to visit the magic shop at some point in time that we almost got caught stealing from in the past / got locked up that was nearby.
- Alabaster wants to grab the winter cloths he left in the cart that is on the ship doing shipments.
- Marked the ship anchor on the map for investigating 
- Alabaster tells his imp that he should keep an eye out on what person would be good to kill for a ritual spell that he his thinking about doing. 
- Still have 14 days left of travel for doing things.