## Outline
1. [Overview](Overview)
   1. [Session Important Notes](#session-important-notes)
   2. [Session Actions Taken](#session-actions-taken)
2. [Session Details](#session-details)
   1. [Traveling to IO](#traveling-to-io)
     - [Day 1](#day-1)
       - [Inside Cave](#inside-the-cave)
         - [Pathway 1 (Treasure)](#pathway-1-treasure)
         - [Pathway 2 (Outlet) ](#pathway-2-outlet--current)
       - [Dragon Meeting](#dragon-meeting)
3. [Items & XP](#items--xp)
   1. [Items Received](#items-received)
   2. [Experience Received](#experience-received)
4. [Conclusions](#conclusion-items)
   1. [Active Questions](#active-question-notes-self)
   2. [Action Items](#action-items-(previous))
   3. [Map Marks](#map-marks)
5. [Previous Items](#previous-items)
   1. [Previous Action Items](#previous-action-items)
   2. [Previous Map Marks](#previous-map-marks)
   3. [Previous Items Added](#previous-items-added)
______________________________
## Overview
**Previous Session Recap:**
- Refer to [27-OCT-24](27-OCT-24.md) Notes<br>
- Knomes still onboard (Dingle & Pingle)
- Suriver onboard still Hagen.
- 400ft of rope made / bonded together
- Found a cave potentially for dragons / shrine.
- Has a large pool of water inside of it.
- In the middle of exploring the cave.
- Taurus gave Hallamir the water breathing amulet

### **Session Important Notes:**
- Need to finish asking questions to Nymmurh 
- Going to ask questions to the dragon on the angels and history

### **Session Actions Taken:**
- Offering the mechanic dragon to the dragon 
- Desided to not take items from the horde
- Waited for the dragon to return to talk to it.

_____________________________________
## Session Details
### Traveling to IO
- Heading toward Mechancius but stopping at IO first.
- Will be 5 days until getting to IO in airship.

#### Day 1
- Contiuning the exploring of the dragonic cave.

##### Inside the Cave
- Roped up Hallamir to swim into the large pool of water in the cave (400ft rope)
- In one of the pathways, there is an opening / passage under the water.

###### Pathway 1 (Treasure)
- Pile of treasure / treasure horde 
- Large dragon has been in here that look old. 
- Very large dragon based on the claw marks / could sit in them
  - Taurus can see that there are some that are recent but can't tell much after that. 
- Treasure is standard for dragon.
  - Statues ancient 
  - Musuem like items
  - Old ship
  - Majority of items appear to be from under the ocean / water logged 
- Detect Evil- Helra
  - No evil detected
- Search Check- Helra (for religious figures / importance)
  - Some found / ancient angels
    - Death angel present
    - Old and water logged
    - Helmet of Trisha with engraving 
    - Dolphins craved into it
    - Transmutation magic
  - Eleven ones
  - Dwarvian one
  - Mosaics
- Alabaster -> Magic Check
  - Yes / heatmap of items of magic
- No other exit / enterance for this area
- Dragon Egg
  - Alabaster can determine that is a bronze dragon egg
  - Has a little pile of gold underneath it
  - Helra can tell that its alive but no movements / no sounds
  - Time for hatching varies and what are the causes
- Ship in the horde
  - Hallamir goes to check it out
  - Cravings / looks like it saw combat
  - Old war ship
  - No cargo on the top deck
  - Elvian ship
- Offerings to Egg
  - Helra and Hallamir offer 10 platium 
  - Total for 20 palatium 
- General Note
  - Pignut is NOT in the bag / on the ship instead
- Alabaster- Magic Items
  - Gets multiple hits
  - 4 items with a variety of classes
###### Pathway 2 (Outlet / Current)
- Hallamir tries to explore the other outlet
  - Longer than 400ft of rope
  - Scale found at the bottom / shield size
##### Dragon Meeting
- Camp out in the cave outside of the dragon egg and wait to see if it returns. Otherwise will stop by on our way back. 
- Pops out of the water with a shark w/arms
- Huge dragon and regards us
- 'Great Wyrm' Age
  - Translates to being at least 1,201 of age or more
  - Spellcasting / Big DR
  - Caster level 19
  - Each claw is the length of one human
- Nymmurh 'The wyrm who watches'
  - One of the five great metalic dragons
  - Not many know of them due to the rise and fall of many regions / civilation 
  - Intro the idea of questions

___________________________________________

## Items & XP
### Items Received
- N/A


### Experience Received
**Previous Total:** 81,454 _(Updated with Discord version)_
**Adjustments:** +234 from previous session battle
**Total:** 81,688

_________________________________
## Conclusion Items
### Active Question Notes (Self)
- Talking with the Nymmurh 

### Action Items
- Need finish asking Nymmurh questions

### Map Marks
- Draconic Cave Entrance 

---------------------------------
## Previous Items
### Previous Action Items
- [ ] Alabaster wishes to visit the magic shop at some point in time that we almost got caught stealing from in the past / got locked up that was nearby. Geistwatch. Ruby golem.
- [ ] Alabaster wants to grab the winter cloths he left in the cart that is on the ship doing shipments.
- [ ] Alabaster tells his imp that he should keep an eye out on what person would be good to kill for a ritual spell that he his thinking about doing. 
- [ ] To check-in with Ferbin at some point when in Clambank on the shipment of steel and weapons and if there is a prep for war or something or general shipment. (Town that had faulty ore orginally)

#### Previous Map Marks
- **Marked Stagfort** on the map
- **Marked the ship anchor** on the map for investigating
- **Marked Redleaf** on the map
- **Marked which trail was used more** from the abandon Pitish village
  - North West direction
- **Marked** Witch Hut in Horde grave swamp
- **Marked Horsegrave** to avoid due to drunk crusades 
- **Marked** prototype dragon location

#### Previous Items Added
_Listing of items that haven't been added to inventory notes yet from previous sessions for reference so they do not get forgotten._
- **Prototype Manual** 
  - For (D.R.A.G.O.N.)