## Outline
1. [Overview](Overview)
   1. [Session Important Notes](#session-important-notes)
   2. [Session Actions Taken](#session-actions-taken)
2. [Session Details](#session-details)
   1. [Finding the Mine Site- Day 1](#finding-the-mine-site--_day-1--keep_)
      - [Skill Challenge](#skill-challenge---finding-the-mine-site)
        - Failed skill challenge / another day needed
      - [Abandon Pitish Village](#abandon-pitish-village--_day-1--keep_)
      - [Camping at the Abandon Pitish Village](#camping-at-the-abandon-pitish-village)
   4. [Finding the Mine Site- Day 2](#finding-the-mine-site--_day-2--keep_)
   5. [Back to the Keep- Day 3](#back-to-the-keep--day-3--keep)
3. [Items & XP](#items--xp)
   1. [Items Received](#items-received)
      - Crabapples and liquor 	
   2. [Experience Received](#experience-received)
      - No new XP added
4. [Conclusions](#conclusion-items)
   1. [Active Questions](#active-question-notes-self)
   2. [Action Items](#action-items-(previous))
   3. [Map Marks](#map-marks)
5. [Previous Items](#previous-items)
   1. [Previous Action Items](#previous-action-items)
   2. [Previous Map Marks](#previous-map-marks)
______________________________
## Overview
**Previous Session Recap:**
- Refer to [07-JUL-24](07-JUL-24.md) Notes
Made it to the Keep safely with everyone. Mine site found and school was finished.

### **Session Important Notes:**
- Pitish in the area are being abandoned more often and quickly
  - Not normal behavior
  - Unknown why
- Mining Site needs to be located still
  - Was difficult to re-find with the change of weather / seasons
- Refer to the [Items Received](#items-received) section for details on items received

### **Session Actions Taken:**
- Went to find the mining site that Galus Berrytoe found by accident when sheparding the goats
- Failed the skill challenge to locate the mining site on the first day
- Found an abandon Pitish village instead
- Found the mining site location on the second day.
- Returned back to the Keep on the third day.

_____________________________________
## Session Details
### Finding the Mine Site- _(Day 1- Keep)_
- Took some dwarves and other men from the Keep to look at the mine potential site.
  - Will have to camp out at least one day
- Ice has melted and need to cross the river (soon to be spring)
- Took a break for lunch. 
- Galus Berrytoe (Stonefoot) dwarf is with us who found the location with the goats before.
  - Is a bit lost since it was found during slate / winter and uses visual landmarks
<br>

#### **SKILL CHALLENGE** -> *Finding the Mine Site*
- Hallamir climbs a tree to get a better view. 
  - Can see a couple of clearings. Generally northish for the clearings.
  - 2 are potential candidates.
- Continue walking to new clearing heading.
- A bit lost / do a loop da loop -> Taurus 
  - First skill check failure.
- Alabaster finds some goat fur in a branch -> back in the right direction.
- Helra summons mount to try to use them to track the salt that the goats were drawn too before.
  - Mount goes the wrong direction to a crabapple tree
  - Harvest some crabapples but a failure.
- Hallamir finds an abandon Pikish village instead.
  - Third failure.
  
### Abandon Pitish Village- _(Day 1- Keep)_
  - Find some features that correspond with each trail.
  - There are trail markers with feathers from the Pitish 
  - Found some liquor that was looted from somewhere else.
    - (1) Dusty of Entwhistle Ale
    - (3) Fiery Halfling Ginger Whiskey
    - (1) Granger and Sons Salt Marsh Whiskey
    - (4) Bottles of Headless Saints Devilberry Wine
      - ~30 years old for age
  - No damage to the buildings
  - Looks like they just upped and left.
  - All the trails looked like they weren't used much
    - (1) of the trails looks a bit more used that the others (where they headed off)
  - Helra asks Lissana (Water Rats) normal tradition for moving
    - Forks left in the fire / they left in a hurry 
    - They shouldn't have left some of the items they did behind if it was normal
    - They have been seeing this else where too when they scouted and found Pitish abandon villages or camps.
  - No magic ->  Alabaster
  - Helra asks Lissana (Water Rats) burial tradition
    - Varies from each village
  - Tree worshipers for this village
    - They would bury the dead by their tree of choice
  - Symbol for giants and cyclops found (translated by Lissana)
    - Normally a mark for entrance to ancient cyclops ruins
    - Weird that it is here.

### Camping at the Abandon Pitish Village
- Re-kindle the fire pit 
- Looks like they left a month or few ago
- Night watch
  - Hallamir 1st watch
  - Taurus 3rd watch
  - Helra 2nd watch
  - Alabaster sleeps
- Nothing happens....

### Finding the Mine Site- _(Day 2- Keep)_
- Hallamir and Helra fly up to spot a clearing
  - Successful
- Trees thin out and get close to the clearing
  - Rock out cropping 
  - Found the site
- Helra has mount out during the travel
  - He licks the salt rocks
- They will start making a trail / path to the site to be easier
- Helra does a fly around the hill and doesn't spot anything weird
  - Normal animal life / no lack of animal life
  - Didn't spot any pitish signs
- Alabaster clears a circle landing pad by the site for using transportation 

### Back to the Keep- (Day 3- Keep)
- Have an un-interesting camp on the way back that nothing happens.
- Arrive back at the Keep at dusk on day 3 (from arriving at the keep / since last previous session).

___________________________________________

## Items & XP
### Items Received
- Crabapplies (Bundle)
  - On Helra
- (1) Dusty of Entwhistle Ale
  - Bag of Holding
- (3) Fiery Halfling Ginger Whiskey
  - Bag of Holding
- (1) Granger and Sons Salt Marsh Whiskey
  - Bag of Holding
- (4) Bottles of Headless Saints Devilberry Wine
  - Bag of Holding

### Experience Received
- Total: 80,967

_________________________________
## Conclusion Items
### Active Question Notes (Self)
- Maybe the more traveled trail from the abandon Pitish village is to their tree they worshipped?

### Action Items
- Figure out why there are more pitish villages and camps just being left quickly
- Trail to the mining site will be made over time

## Map Marks
- **Marked which trail was used more** from the abandon Pitish village
  - North West direction


---------------------------------
## Previous Items
### Previous Action Items
- Alabaster wishes to visit the magic shop at some point in time that we almost got caught stealing from in the past / got locked up that was nearby.
- Alabaster wants to grab the winter cloths he left in the cart that is on the ship doing shipments.
- Alabaster tells his imp that he should keep an eye out on what person would be good to kill for a ritual spell that he his thinking about doing. 
#### Previous Map Marks
- **Marked Stagfort** on the map
- **Marked the ship anchor** on the map for investigating
- **Marked Redleaf** on the map