## Outline
1. [Overview](Overview)
4. [Session Details](#session-details)
	1. [Corpse Information](#corpse-information)
	2. [Corpse Dissection](#corpse-dissection-)
5. [Items & XP](#items--xp)
	1. [Items Received](#items-received)
	2. [Experience Received](#experience-received)
6. [Conclusions](#conclusion-items)
	1. [Active Questions](#active-question-notes-self)
	2. [Action Items](#action-items)
______________________________
## Overview
**Previous Session Recap:**
- Just after the battle of the angle with the trumpet with tentacles was finished in the Black.
- Still at battle location / not at camp.

**Session Actions Taken:**
- Brought the corpse of the angel / tentacle mess to just outside of the camp for investigating (primarily to make sure it doesn't rise up and to see if it had any markings to the angels). 
- Body of the angel is looked at with the assistance of clerics and team. Information in Session [Corpse Information](#corpse-information).
- Had Bodnár Norbert (General for the Geistwatch army) get the clerics out of the way.
- Dissections on angel corpse performed and items received. Details in: [Corpse Dissection](#corpse-dissection-).
- Clerics blamed each other for the trumpet being missing -> lie from Alabaster and Taurus for sleeping on watch. 
- Pignut saves the day / solidify lie but bag of holding full of shit and needs cleaning. 
- Gobrian and family still safe and traveled
_____________________________________
## Session Details
### Corpse Information
Was a Trumpet Archon (ignore the tentacles), definitely mutilated. Clerics unsure what to do with the body. 
- **Trumpet**:
	- Keen Holy Longsword (zero-edge)
	- Magical- Transmutation & Enchantment Magic
	- Can transform to a sword. 
	- Threat range- 19-20
	- Critical range of 17-20
	- Could be removed even though it is sown on to the mouth of the angel
- **Robes**:
	- Very faded colors -> can gather what angel they were under
	- Black and white = Angel of Death
	- Black and gold = Angel of Law
- **Identification:**
	- NOT the angel of death BUT, probably were under them though
- **Additional Information:** 
	- The corpse of an angel SHOULD return back to its own plane. 
	- Something is keeping it / has been keeping it on the material plane.
	- Might be tied to the Angel of Death being missing in action (maybe dead per librarian lich)  
	- No other markings or indicators found thus far on the body (angel part).
### Corpse Dissection 
Performed by Stredore with just using the 'holes' already in there with minimal cutting. 
- **Bones:**
	- Is covered in the same crystals that are similar to the ones that were in his lab (flesh golem).
		- He removed one of them per Alabaster.
		- Crystal is drained
		- Removed from body
- **Chest cavity of the angel part of the corpse:**
	- Unlimited-like length clothing inside of the chest cavity
	- Scroll-like cloth
	- Has written on it that is the same language as the crystal hole.
	- Similar to flesh golem AND the flesh corpse things (gravediggers).
- **Trumpet:**
	- Removed from body
___________________________________________
## Items & XP
### Items Received
- Angel Bone
	- Alabaster (On person)
- Angel Internal Scroll
	- Alabaster (On Person)
- Angel Trumpet
	- TBD (Maybe Harrim?)
	- Bag of Holding (Secret)
### Experience Received
- 1787 XP received
- New total: 80,967
_________________________________
## Conclusion Items
### Active Question Notes (Self)
Potential action items / thought process for considering for next session.
- What to do with the giant flesh golem body?
- What mutilated the body of the angel in the first place?
	- Probably same entity as the flesh golem thing
	- Probably more?
### Action Items
- Downtime for Alabaster and team for travel needs to be done.
	- 17 Days of downtime to get back to midway march
- Deal with Stredore's issues so he doesn't die.
