## Outline
1. [Overview](Overview)
4. [Session Details](#session-details)
	3. [Day 4](#Day-4)
	4. [Day 5](#Day-5)
	5. [Day 6](#Day-6)
		1. [Cart Investigation](#cart-investerigation)
	2. [Day 7](#Day-7)
		1. Scorpion Boss Fight

5. [Items & XP](#items--xp)
	1. [Items Received](#items-received)
	2. [Experience Received](#experience-received)
6. [Conclusions](#conclusion-items)
	1. [Active Questions](#active-question-notes-self)
	2. [Action Items](#action-items-(previous))
______________________________
## Overview
**Previous Session Recap:**
- Refer to 09-JUN-24 Notes

**Session Actions Taken:**
- New spells learned for Alabaster
- Giant Scorpion side mission
- Boss fight / saving halfings 
- Off for the next two weeks for dnd
_____________________________________
## Session Details
### Day 4
- Hallamir continues to be on the look out with his spyglass.
- Alabaster learns new spell and tricks.
- Helra is chilling with lizard pal for bonding.
- Taurus just chilling with dino buddy and making sure crew are good.
### Day 5
- Hallamir doesn't see anything again for the look out.
- Taurus continues to do Taurus things.
- Helra talks to Gobrain on his background / what actually happened in the prison.
	- He was pretty much treated good.
	- The asian one next to him was treated badly since they were trying to get the location of the thieves guild out of him. (cat gurl thief's brother that were were rescuing for them)
	- We dropped him off already / safe
	- Gobrian just treating the travel as a vacation and sun bathing during the journey
- Alabaster learns stuff / spells
- Stredore was there longer than Gobrien but a few months NOT years actually.
	- Had some 'criminals delivered to him' for experiments
	- That prison was built for studying that crystal 
	- Scouting parties found the crystal 2 years ago and then building was done. 
	- The prison is probably one of the newest of the scouting missions / discoveries and there are most likely more that are around that are under the impression of being something else. 
	- Grave diggers are digging up these sites and are playing a bit more of a role than thought before.
### Day 6
- The 3rd of Slate day
- Hallamir peeps into the sky -> found a decaying cart on the side of the round. -> going to check it out. 
- Check out the Cart Investigation section below for more information
#### Cart Investigation
- Horse and cart -> horse is dead
- Alabaster detects magic
	- Moderate conjuration
	- Located on the body of the person that is on the cart that is slumped over
- Alabaster searches the body.
	- Rolls the body over the the top half the of the body rolls but not the bottom half.
	- Body is cut in half. 
	- Item that is magical that is a whip
- Helra doesn't detect any evil
- Helra investigates the horse body
	- Same like the other body for large lacerations 
	- Looks like it has been eaten by something with large claws
	- Something like an incest 
- Taurus recognizes the wounds on the horses body
	- Minotaur plains there are giant scorpions 
	- These are a week out from the location where they could be (but only the entry location and probably further out by airship)
- Tracks are still pretty recent enough
	- Tracks are going in the direction that we are heading
- Alabaster finds a cage that looks like it was ripped apart from the inside
	- Probably the scorpion 
- 300 gold found -> 75 gold per person
- Record book found with receipts 
	- One scorpion for fighting pits 
	- 2000 gold for delivery
	- For vampire queen lady
- Limerest is a quary town -> 2 days by airship or 4 days by horse
- Folded up letter -> to mother to pay for surgery for his little sister Karry 
### Day 7
- Forth of slate now
- Hallamir peeps -> can see the town coming up on the horizon 
	- Road below of halfings fitting a giant scorpion 
	- Teleporting down / commencing battle
	- Little girl halfing is safe but very...mentally damaged now from witnessing two adults at least get cut in half by a giant scorpion. 
___________________________________________
## Items & XP
### Items Received
-  Animal Bane whip (magical)
	- It gives a +2 to hit to magical beasts
	- +1 hit and damage
	- 2d6 damage extra to magical beasts
	- Default damage -> non-lethal damage
		- 15ft reach 
		- Can trip with it and disarm
		- 1d3 damage
### Experience Received
- Scorpion: 487
- Previous Total: 80,967
- New Total: 81,454 XP
_________________________________
## Conclusion Items
### Active Question Notes (Self)
- Could potentially follow some of the grave diggers to find places of interest.

### Action Items (Previous)
- Alabaster wishes to visit the magic shop at some point in time that we almost got caught stealing from in the past / got locked up that was nearby.
- Alabaster wants to grab the winter cloths he left in the cart that is on the ship doing shipments.
- Marked the ship anchor on the map for investigating 
- Alabaster tells his imp that he should keep an eye out on what person would be good to kill for a ritual spell that he his thinking about doing. 
- See how the little girl is doing -> Hallamir
### Action Items (New)
- Still have 10 days left of travel for doing things.