## Outline
1. [Overview](Overview)
   1. [Session Important Notes](#session-important-notes)
   2. [Session Actions Taken](#session-actions-taken)
2. [Session Details](#session-details)
   1. [Day-1 Keep](#day-1-keep)
   2. [Day-2 Keep](#day-2-keep)
      1. [Moon Festival](#moon-festival)
         1. [Contests](#contests)
         2. [Lethe's Ceremony](#lethes-ceremony)
   3. [Day-3 Keep](#day-3-keep)
      1. [Stredore Healing](#stredore-healing)
3. [Items & XP](#items--xp)
   1. [Items Received](#items-received)
   2. [Experience Received](#experience-received)
4. [Conclusions](#conclusion-items)
   1. [Active Questions](#active-question-notes-self)
   2. [Action Items](#action-items-(previous))
   3. [Map Marks](#map-marks)
5. [Previous Items](#previous-items)
   1. [Previous Action Items](#previous-action-items)
   2. [Previous Map Marks](#previous-map-marks)
______________________________
## Overview
**Previous Session Recap:**
- Refer to [11-AUG-24](11-AUG-24.md) Notes<br>
- Found the mine site for scouting it out. 
- Found an abandon Pike Village that looked like it was left in a hurry. 
  - This is something that is occurring more often. <br>
- Made it back to the Keep with no issues.

### **Session Important Notes:**
- Hallamir's 'Time' happened.
  - (-3) Strength Damage
- Lethe collected 10g from each player for her goddess 
- Alabaster learns some new spells
- Collected taxes from keep
- Visited Entwhistle for Stredore healing

### **Session Actions Taken:**
- Had the full moon festival
- Checked on keep items / status
- Stredore is healed and will stay at the keep


_____________________________________
## Session Details
### Day-1 Keep
- Checked on the school status -> Fine
- Checked on the brothel -> Good / No issues
- Hallamir's time of the month is tomorrow.
- Collected taxes.
  - Hallamir and Taurus topped off the treasury to round up to 1000g
- Grimmore is good
- Goats are good / pregnant still. 
- Alabaster attempts to learn a spell and succeeds
- Helra spends time with goats.

_____________________________________

### Day-2 Keep
- Hallamir's special day.
  - Helra makes the potion / should be better than usual (20)
  - Hallamir fails check but not in animal form
  - (-3) Strength Damage
- Lethe gets to do her moon goddess rital for tonight.
  - Collects 10g from each person
  - Extra happy with being at the keep for this instead on the ship. 
  - Helra helps Lethe +1 Concordance
    - +6 Concordance Total
- Alabaster learns dismissal  
  - Succeeds so good he almost performs it
- Request for 100g to make the celebration bigger
  - Helra re-funds the treasury 100g  

#### Moon Festival
- Alabaster is entertaining the guests with the ghost lantern and spells.
- Crowd is entertained successfully

##### Contests
- **Barrel Running Contest**
- **Archery Contest**
- **Goat Shearing Contest**
  - Gallius sets up a ring to shear as many goats as you can
  - 1g for contest
  - Helra- (3) male goats 10mins each
    - 80 silver
  - Hallamir (1) goats
- **Dwarf Dunking Contest**
  - Taurus is the dwarf
  - Is a barrel of ale
    - 1st person gets it on the first try
    - 2nd person get it too
    - 3rd person fails
- **Stump Cutting Contest**

###### Lethe's Ceremony
- Bonus until the next full moon phase:
  - Helra: (+1) Charisma 
  - Taurus: (+10ft) to movement
  - Hallamir: Can detect poison passively 
  - Alabaster: (+1) to Intelligence 

_____________________________________

### Day-3 Keep
- Late start to the day from the previously night.
- Hallamir has strength damage still to keep any eye out for.

#### Stredore Healing
- Teleport over to the healing lake location 
  - Taurus, Alabaster, Stredore, Helra
  - Lethe and Hallamir are left behind
- Able to make it to the boat man -> recognizes Helra 
  - Heals some minor wounds
- Boat man delivers us to the island 
  - Place it full but they are able to get treated
- Stredore barely makes it with the saves.
  - If he dies, we must take care of Gregory 
- Helra donates 100g to them and 9g to the boat man
  - +1 Concordance
- Alabaster is mean to the boat man for being mean to people?
- Teleport back with no issues.
- Stregory will be able to 'work off' his debt to Alabaster? xD
  - Will stay at the keep in the tower
  - Gregory with him

___________________________________________

## Items & XP
### Items Received
- 2572g (Not split)
- 97s (Not split)
- -10g from each player for Lethe
- Helra -100g + -1g + 80s


### Experience Received
- Total: 80,967

_________________________________
## Conclusion Items
### Active Question Notes (Self)
- No new questions

### Action Items
- Need to continue the snek quest line
  - Will need to fly there with the number of NPC's we have
- Have water rats continue to monitor the Pike situation

## Map Marks
- No new map marks

---------------------------------
## Previous Items
### Previous Action Items
- Alabaster wishes to visit the magic shop at some point in time that we almost got caught stealing from in the past / got locked up that was nearby.
- Alabaster wants to grab the winter cloths he left in the cart that is on the ship doing shipments.
- Alabaster tells his imp that he should keep an eye out on what person would be good to kill for a ritual spell that he his thinking about doing. 
#### Previous Map Marks
- **Marked Stagfort** on the map
- **Marked the ship anchor** on the map for investigating
- **Marked Redleaf** on the map
- **Marked which trail was used more** from the abandon Pitish village
  - North West direction