## Outline
1. [Overview](Overview)
   1. [Session Important Notes](#session-important-notes)
   2. [Session Actions Taken](#session-actions-taken)
2. [Session Details](#session-details)
   1. [Day 1](#day-1) 
      - [Ship Wreck](#ship-wreck)
   2. [Day 2](#day-2)
      - [Battle](#battle)
3. [Items & XP](#items--xp)
   1. [Items Received](#items-received)
   2. [Experience Received](#experience-received)
4. [Conclusions](#conclusion-items)
   1. [Active Questions](#active-question-notes-self)
   2. [Action Items](#action-items-(previous))
   3. [Map Marks](#map-marks)
5. [Previous Items](#previous-items)
   1. [Previous Action Items](#previous-action-items)
   2. [Previous Map Marks](#previous-map-marks)
______________________________
## Overview
**Previous Session Recap:**
- Refer to [06-OCT-24](06-OCT-24.md) Notes<br>
- Drug spree day / Hallamir, Taurus, Pignut, Lethe, and Harrim Completed
- Fleeing the scene of the crime.

### **Session Important Notes:**
- Found out the mystery of the bronze dragon attacking ships. (Knomes in a mechanical dragon)
- Sunk the dragon and have knomes on board
- Gained another crew member 'Hagen'
- Have a manual to the D.R.A.G.O.N. prototype
- Need to calculate XP next session.

### **Session Actions Taken:**
- Will be bringing the knomes back
- Taking in Hagen.

_____________________________________
## Session Details
### Day 1
- Human crew getting sea sink now as we are passing over the water.
- Hallamir Spots a ship that is wrecked. 
- End up taking the airship down to investigate
- While waiting for Hagen to be with it / keep an eye out on the skies and spot nothing during that time frame.
- Hagens 'Dragon' description:
  - Flaming boulderes
  - Was laughing (high pitched)
  - Yellow / Metallic
  - Wings
  - Lizard-like face
- Hagen will stick around for now (Hallamir gives him a bag of gold)
#### Ship Wreck
- See a guy potentially injuried by the wreck passed out
- Helra detects they are still alive with the life-sight goggles
- Helra doesn't detect evil
- Helra and Harrim both lift-up the guy to take to the ship to assist. 
- Helra slaps him for 5 heal-slaps 
  - HEAL SLAPS = 55
- Damage Look-over
  - Has burns on him 
  - Very cold to the touch 
- Guy mentioned they were attacked by a dragon. (Fire and throwing boulders/stone)
  - Dragon was shiny / bronze like /  yellow
- Guys name is Hagen
  - Cloths are normal / can't determine origin based on it.
  - Has a necklace with a copper coin with a hole in it.
  - Seems to be normal guy / not the captian just a sailor 
  - Was a trade ship with steel and weapons that was on its way to Clambank from Hothstelf
- Fact check on shipment route matching up (Alabaster History-local check)
  - Based on roll / checks out for the details.
  - NOTED- TO check in with Ferbin when in Clambank next for this information and if they were prepping for battle / why the shipments in general.
- General knowledge - bronze / metal dragons normally are good and rarely will attack a ship without cause. 
- Dungeonering Check- Alabaster
  - If they were breathing fire- red, gold, or brass
### Day 2
- HEAL SLAPS = back to 60
- Hallamir spot check -> NOtices a little dot in the sky over the mountains
  - Dragon shaped dot through the spyglass
  - Hallamir pulls the alarm
  - Its heading towards us
  - Notice that it has wings but not flapping / flying oddly
  - Trailing fire out its ass
  - Everyone is at battle stations.
- Getting to the spot we can see the mountains on the horizon
- Has a fake dragon head / gaw that starts shotting fire.
#### Battle
- Dimension door onto the fake dragon- Alabaster, Taurus and Hallamir
- Fly on board- Helra and Harrim 
- Door is locked from the inside
- Railing is low but maybe the right height for a dwarf...
- Gaulet of rust idea- Taurus to open the door
  - Able to open it with it by rusting it.
  - Knomes inside
  - Hallamir tries diplomacy -> fails
  - They start to plumpt the 'ship'
  - Hallamir throws a water bead thingy into the engine room. -> steamed and cooked them
  - Taurus grabs a railing with the gaulet of rust / starts falling
  - Helra gets thrown off too but in a different direction
  - Alabaster trades places with Taurus and casts fly. 
  - Helra kicks on the boots.
  - Skill challenge failed. Alabaster and Helra telaport on and grab a person for 'flying' to get back onto the airship
  - Taurus and Hallamir grab a knome- Tingle and Bingle 
#### Knomes
- Knomes Tingle and Bingle stole the protoype 
- They didn't want to work for a living 
- Tingle died.
- Dingle and Pingle  Survived. Bingle died / captain
- Just did it for fun
- Learned to not attack other air ships
- Stole the dynamic range aerial ground ordanance type n- (D.R.A.G.O.N.)
- Clipped the landing gear on the way out 
- Was just going to have fun until it fell.
- Was hitting up the QUicksilver to keep it running. Haven't slept in weeks
___________________________________________

## Items & XP
### Items Received
- Prototype Manual 
  - For (D.R.A.G.O.N.)

### Experience Received
- Total: 80,967

_________________________________
## Conclusion Items
### Active Question Notes (Self)
- None

### Action Items
- To check-in with Ferbin at some point when in Clambank on the shipment of steel and weapons and if there is a prep for war or something or general shipment. (Town that had faulty ore orginally)

## Map Marks
- **Marked** prototype dragon location

---------------------------------
## Previous Items
### Previous Action Items
- Alabaster wishes to visit the magic shop at some point in time that we almost got caught stealing from in the past / got locked up that was nearby.
- Alabaster wants to grab the winter cloths he left in the cart that is on the ship doing shipments.
- Alabaster tells his imp that he should keep an eye out on what person would be good to kill for a ritual spell that he his thinking about doing. 
- To check-in with Ferbin at some point when in Clambank on the shipment of steel and weapons and if there is a prep for war or something or general shipment. (Town that had faulty ore orginally)

#### Previous Map Marks
- **Marked Stagfort** on the map
- **Marked the ship anchor** on the map for investigating
- **Marked Redleaf** on the map
- **Marked which trail was used more** from the abandon Pitish village
  - North West direction
- **Marked** Witch Hut in Horde grave swamp
- **Marked Horsegrave** to avoid due to drunk crusades 