## Outline
1. [Overview](Overview)
   1. [Session Important Notes](#session-important-notes)
   2. [Session Actions Taken](#session-actions-taken)
2. [Session Details](#session-details)

3. [Items & XP](#items--xp)
   1. [Items Received](#items-received)
   2. [Experience Received](#experience-received)
4. [Conclusions](#conclusion-items)
   1. [Active Questions](#active-question-notes-self)
   2. [Action Items](#action-items-(previous))
   3. [Map Marks](#map-marks)
5. [Previous Items](#previous-items)
   1. [Previous Action Items](#previous-action-items)
   2. [Previous Map Marks](#previous-map-marks)
   3. [Previous Items Added](#previous-items-added)
______________________________
## Overview
**Previous Session Recap:**
- Refer to [17-NOV-24](17-NOV-24.md) Notes<br>
- Explored cave -> bronze dragon egg / pile
- Met Nymmurh 'The wyrm who watches'
- 'Gifted' him the location of the mechanical dragon that fell into the ocean.

### **Session Important Notes:**
- Gives some more information on the tears and the Dark
- Probably should not go into the dragon lair before they return if we meet any of the other 5 dragons.

### **Session Actions Taken:**
- Finished talking with Nymmurh

_____________________________________
## Session Details
### Traveling to IO
- Heading toward Mechancius but stopping at IO first.
- Will be 5 days until getting to IO in airship.

#### Day 1
- Contiuning interacting with Nymmurh within the dragon worship cave.

##### Dragon Meeting
Conversations of Nymmurh / answers to any questions.

- There is an ancient white dragon -> one item of interest when asking him about the tears and what he knows -> (God bane blade)
  - He will not give the name of the white dragon out of respect.
-  How did Algentem actually fall -> Alabaster
  - Starts with people getting interested in eternal life
  - Vampires start to appear
  - A mage shows up at the capital out of nowhere
    - States he has secret knowledge and can grant eternal life to the emperor 
    - Creates the tears
    - No one is in the throne room when it happens (only few people there)
    - During the cermony, there is a great burst of necromatic energy and then a burst of undead
    - Dragons believe that the ceramony was to kill the archangel of death which is why there was undead.
    - Liches were created in that process -> were the advisors of the emperor beforehand
    - Unknown if the emperor himself still is 'alive' and is in the black just hiding.
  - Undead existed before but not to this nature
  - The personel phyiscan to the emperor: jes telim was listed as a name of a liche that exists in the black from that time period
    - Known as the 'tailor of flesh'
    - Name that was on the flesh crystal in the prison tower
    - Brought this up when asking / giving information of what happened during the black at the prison tower
  - Halfiss the Faceless hero was the general of the Emperor 
- How were the tears created and how can they be destroyed -> Taurus
  - He does not know 
  - He would need to show and or study it (or them) to figure out how to  unmake them
- Would he study one (a tear) if we shared one (Hallamir)
  - He would have to discuss with the other 5 dragons if this would be classified as interferving 
  - He doesn't know if he would want to take the tear / involved with them at all
- How does the gold and such get into the cave? One mouth full at a time? (Hallamir)
  - Depends / can use magic as well. 
  - Most of it is from the water and just yonks it.
  - Can minatureize items for the larger items and then bring them back.
  - Most items were offerings in the past time.
- Would he like it if he had more vistors (Helra)
  - We are welcomed with tributes
  - Do not share location to others / taboo
- When is he expecting? (Helra)
  - When its ready?
- He has countless children
- What is in his horde (Taurus)
  - Collection of ships 
    - Elivian, dwarf, human
- Has he meet any of the gods before in his time period? (Helra)
  - He has meet many of them, angels and not and back for when they were adventures
- Has he meet the god of mischief (Hallamir)
  - Yes (not happy about it). He owes him money.
  - He spent a lot of time in this plain / would cap his abilities and take form of a human and try to steal things he shouldnt have been able too.
  - He stole his favorite small statue that didn't have that much value. Was of himself / it was the first item he received as an offering from the dragon pope when he first settled here.
- Any fun interactions with the dwarf clans? (Taurus)
  - Bronze dragons were seen as the protectors of the ocean
  - Deepdrinker clan were ones that he remembers pleasant interactions with 
- What are acceptable gifts of offerings for chatting? (Taurus)
  - Depends on what the visit is for. 
  - Larger for more interaction / knowledge
  - Garum is acceptable even if it its stinky (fish stinky is fine)
- Dimension door location / is it fine (Helra)
  - Do it by the alter / not directly inside
- **NOTE:** Mentions if we meet any of the other 5 wyrm dragons, probably wait until they return before going into their 'house' and touch things. 
- Can we mention your name if we meet any of the other metallic dragons (Taurus)
  - Yes / would potentially help with audience
- His magic of speciality is more of the transmutation but has knowledge of the other 



___________________________________________

## Items & XP
### Items Received
- N/A


### Experience Received
**Previous Total:** 81,454 _(Updated with Discord version)_
**Adjustments:** +234 from previous session battle
**Total:** 81,688

_________________________________
## Conclusion Items
### Active Question Notes (Self)
- Talking with the Nymmurh 

### Action Items
- Need finish asking Nymmurh questions

### Map Marks
- Draconic Cave Entrance 

---------------------------------
## Previous Items
### Previous Action Items
- [ ] Alabaster wishes to visit the magic shop at some point in time that we almost got caught stealing from in the past / got locked up that was nearby. Geistwatch. Ruby golem.
- [ ] Alabaster wants to grab the winter cloths he left in the cart that is on the ship doing shipments.
- [ ] Alabaster tells his imp that he should keep an eye out on what person would be good to kill for a ritual spell that he his thinking about doing. 
- [ ] To check-in with Ferbin at some point when in Clambank on the shipment of steel and weapons and if there is a prep for war or something or general shipment. (Town that had faulty ore orginally)

#### Previous Map Marks
- **Marked Stagfort** on the map
- **Marked the ship anchor** on the map for investigating
- **Marked Redleaf** on the map
- **Marked which trail was used more** from the abandon Pitish village
  - North West direction
- **Marked** Witch Hut in Horde grave swamp
- **Marked Horsegrave** to avoid due to drunk crusades 
- **Marked** prototype dragon location

#### Previous Items Added
_Listing of items that haven't been added to inventory notes yet from previous sessions for reference so they do not get forgotten._
- **Prototype Manual** 
  - For (D.R.A.G.O.N.)