## Outline
1. [Overview](Overview)
   1. [Session Important Notes](#session-important-notes)
   2. [Session Actions Taken](#session-actions-taken)
2. [Session Details](#session-details)

3. [Items & XP](#items--xp)
   1. [Items Received](#items-received)
   2. [Experience Received](#experience-received)
4. [Conclusions](#conclusion-items)
   1. [Active Questions](#active-question-notes-self)
   2. [Action Items](#action-items-(previous))
   3. [Map Marks](#map-marks)
5. [Previous Items](#previous-items)
   1. [Previous Action Items](#previous-action-items)
   2. [Previous Map Marks](#previous-map-marks)
   3. [Previous Items Added](#previous-items-added)
______________________________
## Overview
**Previous Session Recap:**
- Refer to [17-NOV-24](17-NOV-24.md) Notes<br>
- Explored cave -> bronze dragon egg / pile
- Met Nymmurh 'The wyrm who watches'
- 'Gifted' him the location of the mechanical dragon that fell into the ocean.

### **Session Important Notes:**
- 

### **Session Actions Taken:**
- 

_____________________________________
## Session Details
### Traveling to IO
- Heading toward Mechancius but stopping at IO first.
- Will be 5 days until getting to IO in airship.

#### Day 1
- Contiuning interacting with Nymmurh within the dragon worship cave.

##### Dragon Meeting
Conversations of Nymmurh / answers to any questions.

- There is an ancient white dragon -> one item of interest when asking him about the tears and what he knows -> (God bane blade)
  - He will not give the name of the white dragon out of respect.
-  How did Algentem actually fall -> Alabaster
  - Starts with people getting interested in eternal life
  - Vampires start to appear
  - A mage shows up at the capital out of nowhere
    - States he has secret knowledge and can grant eternal life to the emperor 
    - Creates the tears
    - No one is in the throne room when it happens (only few people there)
    - During the cermony, there is a great burst of necromatic energy and then a burst of undead
    - Dragons believe that the ceramony was to kill the archangel of death which is why there was undead.
    - Liches were created in that process -> were the advisors of the emperor beforehand
    - Unknown if the emperor himself still is 'alive' and is in the black just hiding.
  - Undead existed before but not to this nature
  - The personel phyiscan to the emperor: jes telim was listed as a name of a liche that exists in the black from that time period
    - Known as the 'tailor of flesh'
    - Name that was on the flesh crystal in the prison tower
    - Brought this up when asking / giving information of what happened during the black at the prison tower
  - Halfiss the Faceless hero was the general of the Emperor 


___________________________________________

## Items & XP
### Items Received
- N/A


### Experience Received
**Previous Total:** 81,454 _(Updated with Discord version)_
**Adjustments:** +234 from previous session battle
**Total:** 81,688

_________________________________
## Conclusion Items
### Active Question Notes (Self)
- Talking with the Nymmurh 

### Action Items
- Need finish asking Nymmurh questions

### Map Marks
- Draconic Cave Entrance 

---------------------------------
## Previous Items
### Previous Action Items
- [ ] Alabaster wishes to visit the magic shop at some point in time that we almost got caught stealing from in the past / got locked up that was nearby. Geistwatch. Ruby golem.
- [ ] Alabaster wants to grab the winter cloths he left in the cart that is on the ship doing shipments.
- [ ] Alabaster tells his imp that he should keep an eye out on what person would be good to kill for a ritual spell that he his thinking about doing. 
- [ ] To check-in with Ferbin at some point when in Clambank on the shipment of steel and weapons and if there is a prep for war or something or general shipment. (Town that had faulty ore orginally)

#### Previous Map Marks
- **Marked Stagfort** on the map
- **Marked the ship anchor** on the map for investigating
- **Marked Redleaf** on the map
- **Marked which trail was used more** from the abandon Pitish village
  - North West direction
- **Marked** Witch Hut in Horde grave swamp
- **Marked Horsegrave** to avoid due to drunk crusades 
- **Marked** prototype dragon location

#### Previous Items Added
_Listing of items that haven't been added to inventory notes yet from previous sessions for reference so they do not get forgotten._
- **Prototype Manual** 
  - For (D.R.A.G.O.N.)