## Outline
1. [Overview](Overview)
   1. [Session Important Notes](#session-important-notes)
   2. [Session Actions Taken](#session-actions-taken)
2. [Session Details](#session-details)
   1. [Traveling to IO](#traveling-to-io)
     - [Day 1](#day-1)
       - [Checking out Cave Entrance](#checking-out-cave-entrance)
       - [Inside the Cave](#inside-the-cave)
3. [Items & XP](#items--xp)
   1. [Items Received](#items-received)
   2. [Experience Received](#experience-received)
4. [Conclusions](#conclusion-items)
   1. [Active Questions](#active-question-notes-self)
   2. [Action Items](#action-items-(previous))
   3. [Map Marks](#map-marks)
5. [Previous Items](#previous-items)
   1. [Previous Action Items](#previous-action-items)
   2. [Previous Map Marks](#previous-map-marks)
   3. [Previous Items Added](#previous-items-added)
______________________________
## Overview
**Previous Session Recap:**
- Refer to [20-OCT-24](20-OCT-24.md) Notes<br>
- Will be bringing the knomes back (Dingle & Pingle)
- Taking in Hagen.
- Found out the mystery of the bronze dragon attacking ships. (Knomes in a mechanical dragon)
- Sunk the dragon and have knomes on board
- Gained another crew member 'Hagen'
- Have a manual to the D.R.A.G.O.N. prototype
- Need to calculate XP next session. (DONE)

### **Session Important Notes:**
- Added 234XP to total from previous session
- Need to finish expedition in dranonic cave.


### **Session Actions Taken:**
- Exploring draconic cave entrance
- Fabricated all of the available rope. 

_____________________________________
## Session Details
### Traveling to IO
- Heading toward Mechancius but stopping at IO first.
- Will be 5 days until getting to IO in airship.

#### Day 1
- Snow is melting for the mountains / moist.
- Hallamir spot check -> Large cave spotted in the mountains
- Pillar and archways at the enterance.
- Looks like there is a shrine / alter

##### Checking out Cave Entrance 
- Hallamir and Helra doing initial contact
- Evil check -> nothing
- Circle of stone pillars by the alter
- Craved out of the local area. 
- Hallamir -> Surival Check for recent activity 
  - General activity for small creatures and looks like a past activity for large things being moved in and out of it in the past. 
- Hallamir -> Search Check 
  - By the stones and pillars outside of the enterance, can tell they are very old and craved with draconic images on it. 
- Helra -> Knowledge Religion Check
  - Do not know the religion if it is religion based.
- Hallamir -> Listen Check
  - Nothing that can be telled from this distance
- Alabaster Joins with Harrim 
  - No magic
  - Can make out the folowing words= Great One, worship
- Tarus is on the ship watching the Knomes
- Draconic script is present but faded
- Helra Life-sight Goggles -> Nothing
- Helra goes to grab Tarus to feel up the stone to determine the age
- Taurus -> Appraise Check
  - Predates Humans / Very old 
  - These were once painted and gems at some point
- Alabaster & Taurus -> Knowledge History 
  -  What if the dragon alter is actually a 'dragon alter' made by dragons? (Failed check)
- Walkaway for the cave is big enough for a dragon (a big one)
- Script is bad -> Alabaster (Handwriting is bad)
- Helra -> Religion CHeck (For when all the humans, all the dwraves, all the elfs, etc worshiped dragons)
  - At some point (not all of them) but for each race there have been cases of them worshiping dragons. 
- Alabaster -> How Dragons die?
  - Literature is undecided / no report confirmed.
- Taurus -> Surival Check (For recent life)
  - Same analysis as before

##### Inside the Cave
- Terminates to a large pool of water
- The room around the body of water is also filled with morals and pictures. 
- Less damage in comparison to outside
- ALabaster -> History check
  - Checks out with what Helra gathered about other races at some point worshiping dragons. 
  - Mainly bronze dragons for these images
- No evil or magic
- Taurus goes down into the pool of water and notices it has a strong current
- There is an opening potentially down there. Taurus goes to try to go back up but then gets pulled into the current.
- Hallamir goes off to save him / tied off
- Struggled but manage to get back.
- Hallamir takes the alumet from Taurus to check it out.
- Tying off the ropes first before exploring. 
  - Takes 10 minutes to not be in a hurry. 
- Fabricated the (x3) 50ft rope from the bag of holding and 200ft of rope from Taurus and the 50ft rope from Harim 
  - Total of 400ft of rope for using with expedition. 

___________________________________________

## Items & XP
### Items Received
- 400ft of rope that was fabricated into one piece from bag of holding and personal rope resources.


### Experience Received
**Previous Total:** 81,454 _(Updated with Discord version)_
**Adjustments:** +234 from previous session battle
**New Total:** 81,688

_________________________________
## Conclusion Items
### Active Question Notes (Self)
- Exploring underwater cave still.

### Action Items
- Need to finish exploring cave lake. 

### Map Marks
- Draconic Cave Entrance 

---------------------------------
## Previous Items
### Previous Action Items
- [ ] Alabaster wishes to visit the magic shop at some point in time that we almost got caught stealing from in the past / got locked up that was nearby. Geistwatch. Ruby golem.
- [ ] Alabaster wants to grab the winter cloths he left in the cart that is on the ship doing shipments.
- [ ] Alabaster tells his imp that he should keep an eye out on what person would be good to kill for a ritual spell that he his thinking about doing. 
- [ ] To check-in with Ferbin at some point when in Clambank on the shipment of steel and weapons and if there is a prep for war or something or general shipment. (Town that had faulty ore orginally)

#### Previous Map Marks
- **Marked Stagfort** on the map
- **Marked the ship anchor** on the map for investigating
- **Marked Redleaf** on the map
- **Marked which trail was used more** from the abandon Pitish village
  - North West direction
- **Marked** Witch Hut in Horde grave swamp
- **Marked Horsegrave** to avoid due to drunk crusades 
- **Marked** prototype dragon location

#### Previous Items Added
_Listing of items that haven't been added to inventory notes yet from previous sessions for reference so they do not get forgotten._
- **Prototype Manual** 
  - For (D.R.A.G.O.N.)